[DOC-9906] IS DISTINCT FROM Operator (#431)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/comparisonops.adoc

| Value for field is known. Value is neither NULL nor missing. +
Equivalent to IS VALUED/IS KNOWN. 
| TRUE OR FALSE

| IS DISTINCT FROM
| Compares two values to determine if they're distinct. 

> | TRUE or FALSE +
> 
> --
> * TRUE if one value is NULL and the other is non-NULL.
> * FALSE if both values are NULL.
> * MISSING if either value is MISSING.
> * Returns the result of the comparison `value1` != `value2` if both values are non-NULL and non-MISSING.
> --

Reviewer: Possibly confusing to introduce `value1` and `value2` here when the syntax diagram says `expr`

```suggestion
| TRUE or FALSE +

--
* TRUE if one value is NULL and the other is non-NULL.
* FALSE if both values are NULL.
* MISSING if either value is MISSING.
* The result of the comparison `expr != expr` if both values are non-NULL and non-MISSING.
--
```

| IS NOT DISTINCT FROM
| Compares two values to determine if they're not distinct. 

| TRUE or FALSE +

--
* FALSE if one value is NULL and the other is non-NULL.
* TRUE if both values are NULL.
* MISSING if either value is MISSING.

> * Returns the result of the comparison `value1` == `value2` if both values are non-NULL and non-MISSING.

Reviewer: As above

```suggestion
* The result of the comparison `expr == expr` if both values are non-NULL and non-MISSING.
```

| Value for field is known. Value is neither NULL nor missing. +
Equivalent to IS VALUED/IS KNOWN. 
| TRUE OR FALSE

| IS DISTINCT FROM
| Compares two values to determine if they're distinct. +

--
* Returns MISSING if either value is MISSING.
* Returns TRUE if one value is NULL and the other is non-NULL.
* Returns FALSE if both values are NULL.

> * Returns the result of the comparison `value1` != `value2` if both values are non-NULL and non-MISSING.

Reviewer: Put this in the **Returns** column?

Author: Done.

--

| TRUE or FALSE

| IS NOT DISTINCT FROM
| Compares two values to determine if they're not distinct. +

--
* Returns MISSING if either value is MISSING.
* Returns FALSE if one value is NULL and the other is non-NULL.
* Returns TRUE if both values are NULL.

> * Returns the result of the comparison `value1` == `value2` if both values are non-NULL and non-MISSING.

Reviewer: Likewise, put this in the **Returns** column?

Author: Done.
